# Reinforcement_Learning
Reinforcement Learning (RL) is based on the idea where we learn by interacting with our environment. It is a collection of machine learning techniques where agent(s) learn how to behave in an environment by performing actions and assessing the results. RL approach is building programs that learn how to predict and act in stochastic environment, based on past experience. This course will provide an overview to students on some of the fundamental ideas on which modern RL is built including markov decision processes, value functions, monte carlo estimation, dynamic programming, TLD methods, approximation methods, Actor-Critic methods, etc. This course will help students to understand and apply RL in several systems including video distribution systems, game development, IOT devices, robotics, clinical decision making, industrial process control, finance portfolio balancing, etc. 
This subject aims to achieve the following goals: 
<li>To provide students with the knowledge to structure a reinforcement learning problem. </li> 
<li>To introduce students to learn and apply basic RL algorithms for simple sequential decision-making problems in uncertain conditions </li>
<li>To introduce students research and development work in reinforcement learning by interpreting state-ofthe-art RL research and communicating their results.</li> <li> To provide knowledge to students to build a RL system that knows how to make automated decisions. </li>
<li>To give students opportunities to understand the space of RL algorithms including Temporal Difference Learning, Monte Carlo, Q-Learning, approximation solution methods, A2C, A3C, etc</li>
